[Term Entry] Python String .rindex() function (#3357)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/rindex/rindex.md

---
Title: '.rindex()'
Description: 'Locates the highest index of the substring within a string variable.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-example-course'
>   - 'paths/example-path'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

> **`.rindex()`** is used to locate the highest index of the substring within a string variable. ValueError will raise when the substring cannot be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`.rindex()`** is used to locate the highest index of the substring within a string variable. A `ValueError` will be raised when the substring cannot be found.
```

## Syntax

> The syntax of this function can be shown below :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax of the function takes the following formats:
```

```pseudo
str_variable.rindex('substring')

str_variable.rindex('substring', index_start, index_end)
```

> 

Reviewer: there should be a brief summary explaining each parameter

## Example

> The following examples implement `.rindex()` and will return the index location of substring :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples implement `.rindex()` and will return the index location of substring:
```

```python
# Define the string variable
str_cow = "moo moo"

# Show the results
print(str_cow.rindex('m'))  # return 4

print(str_cow.rindex('o'))  # return 6
```

> The index of substring m is found on indices 0 and 4. Therefore, index 4 will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will result in the following output:

```shell
4
6
```

Reviewer: use a shell block to show the results and delete the output in the comments

## Codebyte Example

> This example is runnable and demonstrate instance where `.rindex()` will locate the substring between the certain indices :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is runnable and demonstrates an instance where `.rindex()` will locate the substring between the given indices :
```
